#TODO
1. Need to convert text to paths (in Inkscape)
2. Glowforge is showing everythng as dashed-lines, why?
3. Remove outer-rectangle (is that background)?
4. Make a cropped version for initial testing with Glowforge.

# SVG Paths
I don't think it's necessary to create SVG paths. Instead just inject a bunch of lines and 
It seems that it is a linear sequence - so a single line, though it
may twist and turn. This means that we have to create our rounded tiles by
creating a set of paths, whose
This is a useful article: `https://jackforge.com/glowforge-order-of-operations-ai/`. From the article:
- Strokes produce cuts.
- Fills produce engravings.
- Engravings are scheduled before cuts (makes sense, as we don't want cuts to cause free pieces to move before engraving).

To engrave anything, the elements have to be objects that can be filled. We should see what happens to generated SVG if we use beginShape() and endShape().
See also: https://processing.org/tutorials/pshape. It seems that you can load and compose shapes, including by loading an SVG file!

For now, I don't think this applies to generating cut+engrave files. The plan now is just to focus on cut files, and then see how to 


Arc mode: OPEN, noFill:
Font: Cooper black. 16 point. It has fewest sharp edges and narrow spaces (which can peel off), and narrow lines (which can get filled in with paint).


SVG Units:
- Really illuminating post on `https://graphicdesign.stackexchange.com/questions/84163/svg-and-viewbox-values#:~:text=Inkscape%20uses%20mm%20as%20the%20default%20display-unit%20or,describes%20a%20drawing%20size%20of%20100px%20x%20100px`.
- Key is that per CSS specifications (according the above post), DPI is
  set to 96. So that's how pixels are interpreted. Inkscape adopts this - so,
  for example, if Processing generates a 96 pixel-wide SVG rectangle, it will
  be exactly 1 inch when loaded into Inkscape. I verified this.


Processing Albert (scanned line art -> SVG).
- Bring into Gimp. Play with brightness and contrast, so that the lines pop out.
- Clean up (can be time consuming).
- Pick a lower resolution - enough so that the lines will resolve, but not
  so much that Inkscape will bog down. ~1K pixels on the side should work.
- In Inkscape choose Path -> Trace bitmap. I think I picked multiple layers.
- Add an "Offset effect". There is also another powerful way to thin or thick 
  a path very precisely: see this: https://www.YouTube.com/watch?v=ZoSAb-Fn5gs -  remove the inner portions of the path, then give it a stroke width of a
  certain amount, split that into paths, and delete the outer path.
- Then edit nodes to remove artifacts and widen certain too-thin areas.

Tweaks:
- Don't call `background(...)`. It leaves out the outlying rectangle.
- Select text, then choose "select objects with similar type" and click "object to path".
- Change cut line width to 1 (pixel). Just so that that's not changing. It doesn't matter I think, but just so it's specified.
- Strange issues in glowforge:
    - Blue digits seem fine (solid blue fill). But red digits have dashed
	boundaries and attached to Albert (move with it).
	- Some digits are missing.
Next steps:
- Just work separately with different parts and upload to glowforge:
    - Just cuts.
    - Cuts + digits.
Verified that:
    - Glowforge shows dashed red lines for tile boundaries if I directly import
      just tile boundaries (no text) - the file that was generated by Processing
      (without text).
    - Simply ungrouping and saving in inkscape doesn't change anything.
    - One (some?) of the lines were saying the had a fill. I removed that. Also created a *new* line, marked red. That one *too* showed up dashed.
    - Creating a single line, and then a single line and a rectangle, in Inskscape, also produces the same dashed line! But the earlier manually-created 4-tile
    svg file (loaded earlier) is showing up with solid lines!
    - I was getting 'dashed red' even with a re-uploaded manually created 2x2
    pattern that we had successfully cut before. *But* that turns out because
    I didn't select the cut type - selecting the cut type changed it to red.
    - This fixes inkscape-created lines and rectangles.
    - *Resolution* - dashed is how Glowforge indicates a problem. In one case
      it was cut type wasn't selected. In our (full puzzle) case it was
      simply that it was too large to print! There could be additonal reasons,
      but now a Processing-generated single tile (without letters) is accepted
      by Glowforge without any modifications (just specify the cut type).
